Hello everyone.
Welcome back.
In this video we're going to begin the model building process of this project and we're going to apply
for a model data set and compared the results that we get out of each one and we're going to select
one best model and we're going to move forward with that one in the coming years.
We're also going to touch on grid search that we're going to apply to the model of our choosing.
So let's begin first we're going to use logistic regression.
So let's call this section logistic regression.
Endless import the actual classifier.
So we're going to get it from Skillern that linear model great import logistic regression.
There you go.
Now let's play the actual classifier and make it a Kaltech logistic regression.
And we're going to add actually a couple of extra arguments.
One being random state because as you guys know I like to put the random state in everything I do.
And we're actually going to get a penalty.
This is the same penalty that we use on the first project for quintic assignments.
So this is the one penalty the last penalty is just going to make sure that our data is penalize one
particular barabar has too much of a coefficient.
This may not be needed.
But if we add this to this model right now we're going to make sure that we're comparing the very best
options of each of the different methods that we can use.
So we're gonna actually fix this classifier to our trainset in our tests actually go to what training
said and our response here of course.
There you go.
So let's create a classifier training.
And there you go.
That's it.
So let's actually see the results that we get.
So we're going to call the section predicating person and the first thing we care about is the white
bread the actual preditions right.
So add to that we simply get the.
And we used to predict that on the test and test and there you go.
We have our predictions now.
What we care about of course is the accuracy but we also care about the precision the recall and the
other metrics.
Right.
So we're going to import functions to actually those metrics for us.
So from S-K learn that of course what do you guys think is this better X-ray.
So from Eskil and that metrics we're going to import a confusion matrix which is a little bit later
the accuracy the EF 1 score the precision and find the league position score.
And finally the record.
There you go.
So we're going to import all these lines and we're going to move forward.
Now the accuracy is now going to be a simple call to the accuracy function that we imported on the Y
test and white.
So there you go.
That works.
Now the next step is to get the precision.
So we're going to call it Prak and precision is going to be what you guys expect a precision call on
a white cast and the wide spread.
Next we move with the recall.
We've will it work and going to be a recall call.
There you go.
Now the last there is the one score which is going to be EF 1.
And we're going to call it I guess EF 1 as well.
So let's run this for.
Excellent.
We're going to put this rissoles in a Pandurs to Frank.
So let's do that.
We're going to create a panda state of frame.
There you go.
And he are going to be this results.
So first we're going to take all the data from that is coming from a linear regression.
So the first argument should be the name of the model.
So there should be linear progression grant.
And what we're going to add here in parentheses is Lasser because this is the lasso penalty.
So that's the first one.
The next thing is going to be in this band that the reframes going to be the accuracy.
OK.
The precision the ripple and the F-1 score.
So we don't that part.
And finally we're actually going to names is.
The columns are going to be named depending on this.
So first column is going to be modeled which is the name of the model and there as you get it in a real
hell accuracy precision recall.
And EF 1 score
get a really tight and.
So that's it.
So let's run this line right here.
Excellent.
And if we look at the console we have our results our last role model has given us an accuracy of 56
percent precision 57 percent a recall of 70 percent and the EF 1 score of 63.
Now the accuracy.
It's 55.
It's not high at all.
It's just slightly slightly off that it has the procession again 57 is good.
It's it's like there is something there but it's not too high.
And recall it's 70 percent.
Now that means that there's some bias in this model.
OK.
Now if you guys want to remember the precision is the rate of true positives divided by the rate of
true positives and false positives.
What does that mean.
That means that out of all the predictive positives we want to know how many have been predicted right
and how many.
Of course but they're wrong.
Now for a record score.
What it means is true positives divided by true positives and false negatives.
That tells us a little bit different story tells us and of all the actual positives.
How many do we predict to be actually true.
So the recall is telling us that out of all the actual positives we have predicted them to be true around
70 percent of the time which is good but for precision we have felt short.
And we can see the one score is some in-between number here or on 63.
Now this is how we're going to build our models going forward.
So in the next video we're going to replicate this process with a couple of more models compare the
results as opposed to the logistic regression model and see which one benefits the most.
Thank you very much for watching and see in the next media.